feat: multi-step cast actions (#285)
wevm/frog: site/pages/concepts/multi-step-cast-actions.mdx

## Overview

At a glance:

1. User installs Cast Action via specific deeplink or by clicking on `<Button.AddCastAction>{:jsx}` element with a specified target `.castAction` route in a Frame.
2. When the user presses the Cast Action button in the App, the App will make a `POST` request to the `.castAction` route.
3. Server performs any action and returns a response to the App, which is shown as an interactible Frame dialog.

## Walkthrough

Here is a trivial example on how to expose a multi-step action with a frame. We will break it down below.

:::code-group

```tsx twoslash [src/index.tsx]
// @noErrors
/** @jsxImportSource hono/jsx */
// ---cut---
import { Button, Frog, TextInput, parseEther } from 'frog'
import { abi } from './abi'

export const app = new Frog()

app.frame('/', (c) => {
  return c.res({
    image: (
      <div style={{ color: 'white', display: 'flex', fontSize: 60 }}>
        Add "Hello world!" Action
      </div>
    ),
    intents: [
      <Button.AddCastAction action="/hello-world">
        Add
      </Button.AddCastAction>,
    ]
  })
})

app.castAction(
  '/hello-world',
  (c) => {

>     return c.res({ type: 'frame', action: '/hello-world-frame' })

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    return c.res({ type: 'frame', path: '/hello-world-frame' })
```

- `description` (optional): Used to describe your action, up to 80 characters.
- `aboutUrl` (optional): Used to show an "About" link when installing an action.

Let's define a `/hello-world` route to handle the the Multi-step Cast Action:

```tsx twoslash [src/index.tsx]
// @noErrors
/** @jsxImportSource hono/jsx */
import { Button, Frog, parseEther } from 'frog'
import { abi } from './abi'

export const app = new Frog()
// ---cut---
app.frame('/', (c) => {
  return c.res({
    image: (
      <div style={{ color: 'white', display: 'flex', fontSize: 60 }}>
        Add "Hello world!" Action
      </div>
    ),
    intents: [
      <Button.AddCastAction
        action="/hello-world"
      >
        Add
      </Button.AddCastAction>,
    ]
  })
})

app.castAction( // [!code focus]
  '/hello-world', // [!code focus]
  (c) => { // [!code focus]
    console.log( // [!code focus]
      `Cast Action to ${JSON.stringify(c.actionData.castId)} from ${ // [!code focus]
        c.actionData.fid // [!code focus]
      }`, // [!code focus]
    ) // [!code focus]

>     return c.res({ type: 'frame', action: '/hello-world-frame' }) // [!code focus]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    return c.res({ type: 'frame', path: '/hello-world-frame' }) // [!code focus]
```

  }, // [!code focus]
  { name: "Hello world!", icon: "smiley" }) // [!code focus]
) // [!code focus]
```

A breakdown of the `/hello-world` route handler:

- We are responding with a `c.res` response and specifying a `message` that will appear in the success toast.

### 3. Defining a frame handler

We will need to define a frame handler that will handle the request to the `action` path provided in the previous step:

```tsx twoslash [src/index.tsx]
// @noErrors
/** @jsxImportSource hono/jsx */
// ---cut---
import { Button, Frog, TextInput, parseEther } from 'frog'
import { abi } from './abi'

export const app = new Frog()

app.frame('/', (c) => {
  return c.res({
    image: (
      <div style={{ color: 'white', display: 'flex', fontSize: 60 }}>
        Add "Hello world!" Action
      </div>
    ),
    intents: [
      <Button.AddCastAction action="/hello-world">
        Add
      </Button.AddCastAction>,
    ]
  })
})

app.castAction(
  '/hello-world',
  (c) => {

>     return c.res({ type: 'frame', action: '/hello-world-frame' })

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    return c.res({ type: 'frame', path: '/hello-world-frame' })
```

  },
  { name: "Hello world!", icon: "smiley" })
)

app.frame('/hello-world-frame', (c) => { // [!code focus]
  return c.res({ // [!code focus]
    image: ( // [!code focus]
      <div style={{ color: 'white', display: 'flex', fontSize: 60 }}> // [!code focus]
        Hello world! // [!code focus]
      </div> // [!code focus]
    ) // [!code focus]
  }) // [!code focus]
}) // [!code focus]
```

Now we're all set! You can use existing Frame API to connect multiple frames together to have a multi-step experience. See [Connecting Frames (Actions)](/concepts/actions).

### 4. Bonus: Shorthand `c.frame`

Instead of `c.res({ type: 'frame' })`, you can use a shorthand `c.frame(...)`.

```tsx twoslash [src/index.tsx]
// @noErrors
app.castAction(
  '/hello-world',
  (c) => {
    console.log(
      `Cast Action to ${JSON.stringify(c.actionData.castId)} from ${
        c.actionData.fid
      }`,
    ) 

>     return c.frame({ action: '/hello-world-frame' }) // [!code focus]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    return c.frame({ path: '/hello-world-frame' }) // [!code focus]
```

> # Mutli-step Cast Actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Multi-step Cast Actions
```

> Multi-step Cast Actions are similar to [Cast Actions](/concepts/cast-actions) with a difference that they return a frame, instead of showing a message. (see the [spec](https://warpcast.notion.site/Frames-Multi-step-actions-f469054de8fb4ffc8b8e2649a41b6ad9)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multi-step Cast Actions are similar to [Cast Actions](/concepts/cast-actions) with a difference that they display a frame, instead of displaying a message. See the [spec](https://warpcast.notion.site/Frames-Multi-step-actions-f469054de8fb4ffc8b8e2649a41b6ad9).
```

3. Server performs any action and returns a response to the App, which is shown as an interactible Frame dialog.

## Walkthrough

Here is a trivial example on how to expose a multi-step action with a frame. We will break it down below.

:::code-group

```tsx twoslash [src/index.tsx]
// @noErrors
/** @jsxImportSource hono/jsx */
// ---cut---
import { Button, Frog, TextInput, parseEther } from 'frog'
import { abi } from './abi'

export const app = new Frog()

app.frame('/', (c) => {
  return c.res({
    image: (
      <div style={{ color: 'white', display: 'flex', fontSize: 60 }}>
        Add "Hello world!" Action
      </div>
    ),
    intents: [
      <Button.AddCastAction action="/hello-world">
        Add
      </Button.AddCastAction>,
    ]
  })
})

app.castAction(
  '/hello-world',
  (c) => {
    return c.res({ type: 'frame', action: '/hello-world-frame' })
  },
  { name: "Hello world!", icon: "smiley" })
)

app.frame('/hello-world-frame', (c) => {
  return c.res({
    image: (
      <div style={{ color: 'white', display: 'flex', fontSize: 60 }}>
        Hello world!
      </div>
    )
  })
})
```

:::

::::steps

### 1. Render Frame & Add Action Intent

> In the example above, we are rendering Add Action intent:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, we are rendering an "add cast action" intent.
```

below?

> `action` property is used to set the path to the cast action route.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `action` property is used to set the path to the cast action route.
```

```tsx twoslash [src/index.tsx]
// @noErrors
/** @jsxImportSource hono/jsx */
import { Button, Frog, parseEther } from 'frog'
import { abi } from './abi'

export const app = new Frog()
// ---cut---
app.frame('/', (c) => {
  return c.res({
    image: (
      <div style={{ color: 'white', display: 'flex', fontSize: 60 }}>
        Add "Hello world!" Action
      </div>
    ),
    intents: [
      <Button.AddCastAction action="/hello-world">
        Add
      </Button.AddCastAction>,
    ]
  })
})

> 
> // ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

### 2. Handle `/hello-world` Requests

> Without a route handler to handle the Action request, the Multi-step Cast Action will be meaningless. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, we will add a route handler to handle the Cast Action request.
```

> To specify the name and icon for your action, the next properties are used in the action handler definition:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following properties can be used in the handler options object:
```

> 1. `name` property is used to set the name of the action. It must be less than 30 characters
> 2. `icon` property is used to associate your Multi-step Cast Action with one of the Octicons. You can see the supported list [here](https://warpcast.notion.site/Spec-Farcaster-Actions-84d5a85d479a43139ea883f6823d8caa).
> 3. (optional) `description` property is used to describe your action, up to 80 characters.
> 4. (optional) `aboutUrl` property is used to show an "About" link when installing an action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `name`: Used to set the name of the action. It must be less than 30 characters
- `icon`: Used to associate your Multi-step Cast Action with one of the Octicons. You can see the supported list [here](https://warpcast.notion.site/Spec-Farcaster-Actions-84d5a85d479a43139ea883f6823d8caa).
- `description` (optional): Used to describe your action, up to 80 characters.
- `aboutUrl`: (optional) Used to show an "About" link when installing an action.
```

Let's define a `/hello-world` route to handle the the Multi-step Cast Action:

```tsx twoslash [src/index.tsx]
// @noErrors
/** @jsxImportSource hono/jsx */
import { Button, Frog, parseEther } from 'frog'
import { abi } from './abi'

export const app = new Frog()
// ---cut---
app.frame('/', (c) => {
  return c.res({
    image: (
      <div style={{ color: 'white', display: 'flex', fontSize: 60 }}>
        Add "Hello world!" Action
      </div>
    ),
    intents: [
      <Button.AddCastAction
        action="/hello-world"
      >
        Add
      </Button.AddCastAction>,
    ]
  })
})

app.castAction( // [!code focus]
  '/hello-world', // [!code focus]
  (c) => { // [!code focus]
    console.log( // [!code focus]
      `Cast Action to ${JSON.stringify(c.actionData.castId)} from ${ // [!code focus]
        c.actionData.fid // [!code focus]
      }`, // [!code focus]
    ) // [!code focus]
    return c.res({ type: 'frame', action: '/hello-world-frame' }) // [!code focus]
  }, // [!code focus]
  { name: "Hello world!", icon: "smiley" }) // [!code focus]
) // [!code focus]
```

A breakdown of the `/hello-world` route handler:

> - `c.actionData` is never nullable and is always defined since Multi-step Cast Actions always do `POST` request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I don't think this needs an explanation.

- We are responding with a `c.res` response and specifying a `message` that will appear in the success toast.

> ### 3. Defining a frame handler
> Since in the previous step we send a response with `"type": "frame"` and have specified `"action": "/hello-world-frame"`, Client won't be able to resolve it since we have not defined it yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 3. Defining a frame handler

We will need to define a frame handler that will handle the request to the `action` path provided in the previous step:
```

> 
> So let's define one!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```tsx twoslash [src/index.tsx]
// @noErrors
/** @jsxImportSource hono/jsx */
// ---cut---
import { Button, Frog, TextInput, parseEther } from 'frog'
import { abi } from './abi'

export const app = new Frog()

app.frame('/', (c) => {
  return c.res({
    image: (
      <div style={{ color: 'white', display: 'flex', fontSize: 60 }}>
        Add "Hello world!" Action
      </div>
    ),
    intents: [
      <Button.AddCastAction action="/hello-world">
        Add
      </Button.AddCastAction>,
    ]
  })
})

app.castAction(
  '/hello-world',
  (c) => {
    return c.res({ type: 'frame', action: '/hello-world-frame' })
  },
  { name: "Hello world!", icon: "smiley" })
)

app.frame('/hello-world-frame', (c) => { // [!code focus]
  return c.res({ // [!code focus]
    image: ( // [!code focus]
      <div style={{ color: 'white', display: 'flex', fontSize: 60 }}> // [!code focus]
        Hello world! // [!code focus]
      </div> // [!code focus]
    ) // [!code focus]
  }) // [!code focus]
}) // [!code focus]
```

> Now we're all set! You can use existing Frame API to connect multiple frames together to have a multi-step experience. (see the [Connecting Frames (Actions)](/concepts/actions)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we're all set! You can use existing Frame API to connect multiple frames together to have a multi-step experience. See [Connecting Frames (Actions)](/concepts/actions).
```

### 4. Bonus: Shorthand `c.frame`

> In order not to add property `"type": "frame"` to your `c.res(...)`, you can use a shorthand `c.frame(...)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of `c.res({ type: 'frame' })`, you can use a shorthand `c.frame(...)`.
```

Author: Need to apply the same in cast action doc

```tsx twoslash [src/index.tsx]
// @noErrors
app.castAction(
  '/hello-world',
  (c) => {
    console.log(
      `Cast Action to ${JSON.stringify(c.actionData.castId)} from ${
        c.actionData.fid
      }`,
    ) 
    return c.frame({ action: '/hello-world-frame' }) // [!code focus]
  }, 
  { name: "Hello world!", icon: "smiley" })
)
```

### 4. Bonus: Learn the API

> You can learn more about the transaction APIs here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can learn more about the Cast Action APIs here:
```
